Ten billion. You open your mouth.
Who wouldn't?
Tricked us like three-year-olds.
Blow it, we'll hear you blow it.
If you had 10 billion dollars, you'd film here.
This is Bach Thi Bank's ultimate black card.
Limited release one
He should have been in the White House.
Why is it in your hands?
This is not your life.
Okay, grin, it's been possessed. Your card must be a fake.
You were looking for someone to pretend to be White.
It's the Supreme Black Card.
Is there anything you dare not do?
Whether it's real or fake, you know the money.
What about finance?
Come and check it out.
Director Chen Tianxiao, he's not lying.
There's actually 10 billion in this card.